docs: Proofreading + general improvements (#26442)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/key-concepts/scheduling.md

At a high level you need to follow these steps:

1. Tell Renovate what `timezone` you want to use

> 2. Learn about the scheduling syntax
> 3. Optional: configure an "in repository schedule"
> 4. Optional: create packageRules with a custom `schedule` for specific packages

Author: ```suggestion
1. Learn about the scheduling syntax
1. Optional: configure an "in repository schedule"
1. Optional: create packageRules with a custom `schedule` for specific packages
```
